Add Beatmap Spotlights Spring 2022 newspost (#7354)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-05-20-beatmap-spotlights-season-6-spring-2022-high-speed.md

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Spotlights Season 6: Spring 2022 - High Speed"
date: 2022-05-20 22:00:00 +0000
---

Spotlights rivals, assemble! With a brand new theme, **Spring Season 2022** is finally here. Get ready for a high speed ride with a set of fresh 240+ BPM beatmaps!

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-spotlights.jpg)

With last season hitting highest playcounts in the modern Beatmap Spotlights history, we're introducing you to the new season.

The theme for this run is **high (240+) BPM** beatmaps. If you've got some fast fingers, or enjoy an exhausting experience of fast tapping in general, the first playlist of the season is definitely your cup of tea!

> In this season we haven't got a lot of changes to cover, we've got some new features to announce, though. We will also announce the results of recent Beatmap of the Season community voting, so make sure not to miss this one as well!

Reviewer: should be `so make sure to read on below if you're interested!` :thinking:

*described by [ChillierPear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9501251)*

### osu!taiko

#### Curators' Pick

[mafumafu - Hello Dystopia [Collapsing Reality]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/809048#taiko/1697683), mapped by [JarvisGaming](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8601048)

Coming in hot this season's osu!taiko Spotlights, we have JarvisGaming's rendition of mafumafu's Hello Dystopia!

His emblematic "Collapsing Reality" difficulty is an exemplary demonstration of both structuring and patterning, with notes carefully arranged to fit the song like a glove yet still being fun and entertaining for the player. Ranging from the faster chorus sections down to the break-off & deceleration in the 2nd half of the theme, it all climaxes into an extraordinarily grandiloquent experience.

And yes, the top diff still slaps really damn hard.

*described and primarily suggested by [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864)*

#### Players' Pick

[TUYU - Daemonisch [KTYN's Inner Oni]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1444402#taiko/2983308), mapped by [KTYN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2250574)

> Arriving at the demand of player's choice, we have KTYN's interpretation of TUYU's Daemonisch, hosted by certified TUYU enjoyer gaston_2199!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arriving at the demand of player's choice, we have KTYN's interpretation of TUYU's *Daemonisch*, hosted by certified TUYU enjoyer gaston_2199!
```

KTYN's Inner Oni proves that simplicity can be just as striking as catharsis, with a structure that is simplistic when necessary, getting more frantic as the song progresses, and culminating into a grand finale that spikes the density with carefully crafted piano streams. This is a map that can be enjoyed by a wide audience (as long as you can survive it, that is!).

*primarily suggested by Nepuri*

*described by [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864)*

### osu!catch

#### Curators' Pick

[Chroma - Made In Love [Rei's MAXIMUM]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1028944#fruits/2151543), mapped by [Bunnrei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/829284)

> There are few maps in osu!catch I can think of that is mapped to the song as well as Bunnrei's MAXIMUM for Made in Love.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are few maps in osu!catch I can think of that is mapped to the song as well as Bunnrei's MAXIMUM for *Made in Love*.
```

> The map masterfully manages to convey all of the distinct parts of the song in a way that highlights each section's own distinct theme. Whether it be the less dense introduction, the more technical and synth heavy middle, or the denser streams mapped near the end, everything is mapped in a way that highlights noises and themes in the song.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The map masterfully manages to convey all of the distinct parts of the song in a way that highlights each section's own distinct theme. Whether it be the less dense introduction, the more technical and synth-heavy middle, or the denser streams mapped near the end, everything is mapped in a way that highlights noises and themes in the song.
```

> While its not the most technical or difficult map that Bunnrei has ever mapped, this map is one that any experienced fruit catcher can enjoy for themselves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While not the most technical or difficult map Bunnrei has ever mapped, this map is one that any experienced fruit catcher can enjoy for themselves.
```

*described and primarily suggested by [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045)*

#### Players' Pick

[SHK - Halloween Party [Juansy's Rain]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1609415#fruits/3286191), mapped by [Juansy-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12588215)

> Though it's either too late or too early into the Halloween you can't deny the fact that this diff on this set is comfortable enough to play either for the casual fruit fan or to the hardcore maniac catch enjoyer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although it may be either *slightly* too late or too early into Halloween, you can't deny the fact that this diff on this set is comfortable enough to play either for the casual fruit fan or to the hardcore maniac catch enjoyer.
```

> Juansy's Rain in particular is balanced enough to maintain the overall intensity of the difficulty featuring a few empty gaps in between at the beginning and a consistent but yet not relaxing ending.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Juansy's Rain in particular is balanced enough to maintain the overall intensity of the difficulty, featuring a few empty gaps in between at the beginning and a consistent but yet not relaxing ending.
```

Maybe that was spooky enough after all.

*primarily suggested by [x\_angelkawaii\_x](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)*

*described by [Nelly](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4741164)*

### osu!mania

#### Curators' Pick

[Camellia - dreamless wanderer [flying in the void of deep-dream]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1580929#mania/3228051), mapped by [paradoxus_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11185275)

Rarely do we come across a map that provides bold concepts with nuanced gameplay elements to the table.

> dreamless wanderer is easily one of those charts with its integration of LN grace elements more commonly found in 4k and technical, reading intensive, patterning. This yields a combination which is quite a rarity even for unranked! While the highlights of the chart are found in the intense complextro bits, the intentionaly usage of pattern repetition and build really wraps the chart together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*dreamless wanderer* is easily one of those charts with its integration of LN grace elements more commonly found in 4k and technical, reading-intensive, patterning. This yields a combination which is quite a rarity even for unranked! While the highlights of the chart are found in the intense complextro bits, the intentional usage of pattern repetition and build really wraps the chart together.
```

> I definitely see this chart setting the groundwork for more expressive charting in the future for 7K ranked. Good job paradoxus_!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I definitely see this chart setting the groundwork for more expressive charting in the future for 7K Ranked. Good job paradoxus_!
```

*described and primarily suggested by [lepnai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)*

#### Players' Pick

[Camellia - #1f1e33 [Future]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1184620#mania/2485263), mapped by [Murumoo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8001433)

> This spectacle of a map #1f1e33 mapped by Murumoo really has a lot of extraordinary concepts and representations, but the Future diff is a must play for people who enjoy comfortable gameplay, which is everyone!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This spectacle of a map *#1f1e33* mapped by Murumoo really has a lot of extraordinary concepts and representations, but the Future diff is a must-play for people who enjoy comfortable gameplay, which is everyone!
```

> The wubs and synths that are being represented in contrast to the hi hats, which create a perfect balance and make the map a lot more entertaining. But let me tell you, the kiai is by far one of the most important areas of a map, and it really does pull it off.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The wubs and synths are represented in contrast to the hi-hats, which creates a perfect balance and makes the map a lot more entertaining. But let me tell you, the kiai is by far one of the most important areas of a map, and Murumoo really does pull it off here.
```

This map will trip you up in excitement and pour a feeling of satisfaction when you see that pass on your screen, truly a wonder to behold.

*described and primarily suggested by [[ Decku ]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13360768)*

## Inside the Spotlights Team

> This season, we will say farawell to some of our members as well as welcome some fresh blood to the ranks of Spotlights Curators, thanks for all your hard efforts to deliver the seasonal doso of outstanding beatmap material!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This season, we will say farawell to some of our members as well as welcome some fresh blood to the ranks of Spotlights Curators. Thanks for all your hard efforts to deliver the seasonal dose of outstanding beatmap material!
```

Reviewer 3: also "farawell" --> "farewell"

**Curator additions:**

- **osu!**: DeviousPanda
- **osu!taiko**: \[Zeth\], Nifty
- **osu!catch**: Nelly
- **osu!mania**: Antalf, Protastic101

**Curator resignations:**

- **osu!**: Ryuusei Aika
- **osu!taiko**: Arrival, Nardoxyribonucleic
- **osu!catch**: Snowless, x_angelkawaii_x

> - **osu!mania**: \[ Decku \], BringoBrango,  Kaito-kun

Reviewer 2: links (and in general, in the paragraphs below)

> Hydria will also be stepping away as the osu!mania curators' team leader after almost two years of service, CrumpetFiddler will be the one to ensure things go smooth on the mania side from now on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hydria will also be stepping away as the osu!mania curators' team leader after almost two years of service, while CrumpetFiddler will be the one to ensure things go smooth on the mania side from now on.
```

> OnosakiHito will also say farawell to the osu!taiko curators' team after leading it since the very first season of modern Spotlights, Hivie will take over his tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OnosakiHito will also say farewell to the osu!taiko curators' team after leading it since the very first season of modern Spotlights, but worry not, because Hivie will take over his tasks.
```

- [Camellia - \* Erm, could it be a Spatiotemporal ShockWAVE Syndrome...? (Dubstek) \[YABAI\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1477789#mania/3031881), suggested by Crumpey
- [Hypernite Industries - Speedcore 300 (nowsmart) \[Extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/228853#mania/532796), suggested by Crumpey
- [Imperial Circus Dead Decadence - Shinbatsu o Tadori Kyoukotsu ni Itaru (Evening) \[Till November Night (reprise)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1647221#mania/3362200), suggested by Crumpey
- [Frums - VIS::CRACKED (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Mipha vs. Crys's Oblivion\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1561114#mania/3188294), suggested by Crumpey

Playlist B and C will be available on the [Beatmap Spotlights article](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Spring) as we open the playlist lobbies, so stay tuned!

## The Future

The new Beatmap Spotlights is still a project in its early development stage and depends a lot on community feedback and engagement to improve. Many things can (and will) change for future seasons, and it all depends on *your* feedback!

> What do you want for the next season? What needs to be fixed? What are your opinions on the current system? You can voice out all your opinions [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1579425) and we will keep note of every suggestion, so please let us know how you feel about things.

Reviewer 2: the post is inaccessible

Author: yeah, it's invisible atm, will be moved to the public view when its about to get merged
